How come you don't know him?
Third Master Shen
I'm afraid I can't get it for you this time.
Odd Media's project
Stories have been kind to me.
I can't see Miss Gu being bullied
Please forgive me.
Are you afraid? I got it now.
Now the Shen family is finished
Since there are still people in Yuncheng who dare to live my face
Then I will let you know and be the object of the Gu family
Uh, I have yoga in Yuncheng
Welcome to the media, do you have Miss Gu?
You do it right away
Northern Union City Royal Media
I am willing to fight for Miss Gu's horse head
I know.
Du's Group is willing to fight for the head of the official sister
I became a men's group overnight
I am willing to fight for Miss Gu's horse head
Ye, don't worry.
It's my fault
I can definitely handle it.
I will never be connected to the Shen family
you
Hey, did you say that yourself?
It's your fault
You are responsible
It has nothing to do with our Shen family
Zhao
Which one of you here?
You said about the scenery of Shenyang
Now you bring me down
I said Third Master Shen
We are an old friend
When you thought about marrying that liar
You should have thought of now